0.) scanDates handling for next release
---------------------------------------
In aqm.prepdata help:
protocolData(CCl4)$scanDates = rep("2006/07/19", ncol(CCl4)) # to add soon

1.) Duplicate correlation
-------------------------
If featureData contains a factor that identifies features containing 
the same reporter sequence, we can check for that (scatterplots, 
standard deviation)

2.) Outlier detection
---------------------
Use outliers package and mvoutlier package as alternatives to boxplot.stats. See flowQ as a model.


* The function 'aqm.boxplot' opens a graphics device (through its dependence on draw.key). It would be better if it did not do that. 
=> AK: Fixed by adding a "dev.off()" but maybe there is a better way?
=> WH: I removed that again, it seemed too fragile. Also, in such cases,
   please use the same "if" condition than what was used in the complement;
   i.e., here not "if (!(missing(intgroup)||is.na(intgroup)))" but 
   "if(!is.null(cl$key))"

* generate pdf files for density and PCA plots
=> Done, the pdf files are created but the link in the html does not work on the svg image.

* Everywhere replace rect/square by auto-determined image size. 
  Check if that solves the problem of names on heatmap that are unreadable when > 50 arrays.
  When heatmap gets too large (say, more than 80 arrays, don't include the SVG file into the plot,
  but rather just provide a link to it so that people can open it separately.)

  I am also not yet sure the SVG / annotation for the heatmap is more than a gimmick and 
  really necessary - maybe we can revert back to PNG if it turns out to be too clumsy.

* Use the boxplot infrastructure established in boxplot.r also for NUSE and RLE.
  (related: In aqm.rle and aqm.nuse, the ylims are hard-coded (c(-1, 1) and c(0.95, 1.5)) and often seem 
  too large - is there a good reason for that, or should we try to compute them dynamically depending 
  on the range of the data?)

* Somewhere, empty lists are printed: -  clean this up.

* maplot.pdf and spatial.pdf are enormous, do we really need that? 
  WH: raster=TRUE in panel.smoothscatter(for maplot) will currentl crashed R
     (see my email to Paul Murrell). 
     It works for me in other contexts (and reduces PDF file sizes for such plots enormously!) ,
     I suggest to see whether Paul might round to fixing this.

* The role of the 'sN' parameter is unclear, e.g. in the man page
  (what happens if not null?).  It is also handled differently (or
  indeed ignored) in the different qm-functions.  My suggestion would
  be to simply drop (deprecate) it; or replace it by a character,
  whose default is the current behaviour (a table at the top) and
  alternative behaviours are currently not implemented.  If people
  really want to specify their own sample names, then they can simply
  stick them into the sampleNames slot of the 'expressionset'. That
  way, it will be unambiguous in the code where the sample names to be
  used are to be found. The current situation is ambiguous (e.g. sN is
  passed to aqm.rnadeg, but not to density) and clumsy (lugging around
  an extra argument through all the function calls)

* Fix the man pages for aqmobj.rnadeg etc. to reflect recent changes (to ease maintenance, 
  pages for similar classes could be collected into one file, like in aqm.boxplot.Rd)

* The handling of exception is currently inconsistent. For instance, in aqm.rnadeg you have
    rnaDeg = try(AffyRNAdeg(expressionset, log.it = TRUE))
    if(class(rnaDeg)=='try-error')
      warning("RNA digestion plot from the package 'affy' cannot be produced for this data set.")
  but then the function continues as if nothing had happened, and an error is thrown later by the method 
  "aqm.plot" with signature "aqmobj.rnadeg". Either build in error robustness throughout (e.g. 
  by letting aqm.rnadeg return with the exception object, and then let aqm.plot be robust against that;
  or, just throw the error and stop.
